

Registration Object in backend could be changed to just return the conflicts or  null

StudentPage session registrations need to be refactored to display the same as InstructorPage sessions

Why is a StudentRegistration class inside of SimpleSessionView.cs?

I honestly thing returning Views from repositories is a mistake. We should convert them to a view IN the controllers. Definitely the best way to go

Editor->involved instructor fetching needs to be passed user current organization to properly display the selected instructors. Low priority as this only effects admin

ADD MATT
034350

email halley, copy shannon, andrew and matt to copy MDSN (visual studio licenses) to new email

do database correction

Querying parts of a student or session may be a better play, especially with how complex some of these models get.

Today 9/16/2022 - Do that shit with the API sending org and year most of the time, and/or ensure it doesn't load the organizations on like, any rerender other than the initial page entry

check if getting organizations should be in dropdowns or locked behind developer or auth (probably should)

Things to poke around tomorrow
Posting new coordinators/admin (500 error)
Registering a student to a class from synergy. (lots of 00000 guids, what the hell is it sending?)
Instructor status patch returns a 404 error

//lesser priority, could send a guid with student registration and add those that have an empty guid tbh


BIGGER TASK

Make sure stuff like registration pulls stuff from the CURRENT student school year, or at least the one targeted for a session
This may require a mediumish rewrite but we need to check all that stuff.

Change registration references on front-end as Master Student List

//Attendance modal generic'ing

todo: get default times for whatever day is trying to be edited.


//
If a session has no more open attendance dates, the attendance menu does not open nor displays why it is on isLoading forever

Adding subs may create more records than desired in staff.. We need a way of uniquely tracking them without creating them twice potentially.
We can try and solve this in a tabbed 'Add Existing Instructor/Add new Instructor or sub' menu